feat: addition of taxi limitations (WIP) to ch4 of BG (#978)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/a380x/a380x-beginner-guide/04_engine-start-taxi.md

This guide will explain the correct procedures to accomplish a pushback with engine start and perform a safe taxi to the departure runway.

!!! warning "Disclaimer"

>     The level of detail in this guide is meant to get a FlyByWire A380X beginner safely from the terminal to the runway hold short point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The level of detail in this guide is meant to get an Airbus A380 beginner safely from the terminal to the runway hold short point.
```

If it is required to perform a sharp turn immediately, we may need a bit more thrust. Try not to perform the brake 
check while in a turn, as we don't want to come to a complete stop while turning.

### Taxi Limitations

> It is generally recommended that pilots only taxi on taxiways large enough to support the aircraft. Because of how wide the wingspan of the A380 is, we need large taxiways available to use. Appropriate taxiways are commonly found at large, international airports, such as EGLL, EDDM, KJFK, CYYV, etc.

Reviewer: I would add that usually airports have special taxi charts for the A380 to show either allowed or forbidding taxi ways. 
Example image can be done using either EDDM or EDDF

![image](https://github.com/flybywiresim/docs/assets/16833201/70b1a5f3-fe42-4fc5-bf00-f55134a37103)

<p style="color:yellow; font-size:18px;">WIP</p>

> ??? tip "2 engine taxi"

Reviewer: Not sure this is required for the beginner guide. But we can keep it in.

Author: Yeah i was iffy on putting it in
